
-----Basic functionality-----

Add a custom NESTT train

Add a custom NESTT wagon

Add a GUI to name the train 

Add a GUI/Hotkey that allows user to enter the train surface

Surface(Dimension) Naming convention:
	"nestt"+"_" 

-----Target functionality-----

Play with train friction, fuel and power. Perhaps add a custom fuel drain

Add rails and train to start of game, maybe some ore patches.

Tutorial GUI box.

Tutorial video.

Custom Map Gen for NESTT surface

Add a black square entity that will fill up map gen so it can be removed to expand the train.

Add chests to locomotive surface for ore dump, Add a fuel chest for coal dump for train engine, add tanks for liquid dump

Add a Vacuum Mining scoop at the front that allows train to mine, chop and suck up liquids.

Dummy entity so players can be in the same train
-----Nice little features-----

Remember player position in train


Generate NESTT surface floor as concrete

Add a GUI count of base materials in train mining hold

Moving pollution from inside to outside

Train wide power

Add a laser guild (a laser that gives you a guild line of the track ahead, for connecting to an exiting track at a specific point)

-----Extended functionality-----

Add FARL

Add a rail laying drone, can only place and pick up rails, and burn trees.

Add rail laying blueprints/auto laying.

Underground belt and pipe that is almost the length of the train compartment.

Changing Train Segments(Special station/robot/crane and animation for this?)
	do this by iterating everything in one compartment, saving to a list, and loading to another compartment

Expand the train horizontally
	
Add a railed balcony to the side of the train that allows user movement
	
Entering and exiting from different train compartments
	
Textures
	Custom textures for the train
	Factories inside the train show up outside
	
Train Turrets
	Turrets placed inside the train show up outside
	
Enemies
	Spawn like mad if the train isn't moving
	Spawn randomly in front of the train for more blood
	Spawn hives on the tracks for even more blood

Add an invisible dummy vehicle entity that follow the train so that 2 or more players can get on the same train.

-----Future Ideas-----

Add an ultimate train mounted weapon and boss

Other NEST mods, airship, howl's moving castle, battleship, captain forever
